Update docs for Model-centric UI (#873)
grouparoo/www.grouparoo.com: pages/docs/config/destinations.mdx

---
title: Destinations

> date: "2021-01-18"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: "2022-01-18"
```

Author: I'm waiting until we're live/before merge to update these dates.

  </p>
</Alert>

> Once you have all other items configuration, you're ready to setup your Destinations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once your Records have all the data you need via Properties and Groups, you're ready to setup your Destinations.
```
